[Workers] Limits partial (#11204)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/limits.md

## Worker size

A Worker can be up to 10 MB in size after compression, and up to 1 MB for free accounts.

{{<render file="_limits_increase.md">}}

---

## Worker startup time

> A Worker must be able to be parsed and execute its global scope (top-level code outside of any handlers) within 400 ms. Script size can impact startup because there's more code to parse and evaluate. Avoiding expensive code in the global scope can keep startup efficient as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Worker must be able to be parsed and execute its global scope (top-level code outside of any handlers) within 400 ms. Script size can impact startup because there is more code to parse and evaluate. Avoiding expensive code in the global scope can keep startup efficient as well.
```
